Design Summary:
 The goal is to create a tool that specifically looks at transportation options in the City of Melbourne in
 relation to major events, with information on tram stop, train station and on and off-street parking locations, in
 addition to road closures. The tool is a tableau story with R shiny visualisations with a target audience of local
 residents who often commute to the CBD, as well as residents of the CBD- in particular those who may be new to
 the area and are still familiarising themselves with the various transport systems in operation.
 The Tableau story is accessible via kiosks which will be placed in high foot-traffic areas around Melbourne CBD,
 such as Bourke Street Mall and Melbourne Central.
 There are many interesting events happening in Melbourne every month as seen on the the City of Melbourne
 events website, “What’s On Melbourne”. However, not everyone will want to attend all the different events, so
 there are toggles to assist users in filtering the types of events they wish to attend.

Interface Overview:
 The interface is shown as a story, which guides users through the events happening in Melbourne. The Tableau
 story consists of six different pages: Home, What’s on Melbourne, Explore Events in Melbourne CBD, Event Details,
 How Convenient to Access that Event?, and How’s Melbourne Transportation? The story guides users through all
 events available in Melbourne CBD, allows them to explore each event on a map, view event details for additional
 information, and assess the closest transportation options and potential inconveniences in the area. Each page
 will be explained separately below.
 1. Home
 This page is the welcome page which includes the objective of this interface along with an
 acknowledgement message.
 2. What’s on Melbourne
 The next page is to give users an overview of the events in Melbourne. By exploring this page, the user
 should get some idea about what kind of events are in Melbourne and continue exploring in the next page.
 Moreover, the most exciting feature on this page is random events, which users can use in order to explore
 more on those events in the next part. This is a good starting point, if the user doesn’t have any idea about
 where to go.
 3. Explore events in Melbourne CBD
 This page assists users in determining the type of events they want to attend. Events encompass a variety
 of types, and some events are free while others require payment. Users can select the filter on this page,
 and the mapalong with table contents will change. Users can click on the map as well to view some basic
 information about that event. Furthermore, users can measure the distance between events using the
 built-in map tools, enabling them to decide if they want to attend multiple events and assess the distance
 between them. Lastly, if a user wants to reset all filters, they can click the Reset Filters button to reset all
 filters in that page including R visualisation.
 4. Event Details
 On this page, users can delve into the details of each event. To do so, users should begin by selecting a
 filter from the left sidebar to display the specific event details on the page. The map below provides the
 exact location of the selected event. Additionally, there are three transportation layers available: Train, Car
 Park, and Tram, which users can toggle on and off according to their preferences. This feature allows
 users to get a rough idea of the available transportation options around the events.
 Moreover, users can select particular transportation markers to draw a line between events and
 transportation, which users can also measure using in-build measurements. Lastly, if the user wants to
 reset markers and lines on the map, the user can select the reset button to clear all of that.
 5. HowConvenient to Access that Event?
 This page focuses on the availability of transportation and potential inconveniences in the event area. The
 functionality is akin to the previous page, where users must first select a specific event to display it on the
 map. Several layers are available, including Train, Car Park, Tram, and City Work, which function similarly
 to the previous page. Furthermore, users can click on the map to reveal a 500-metre radius circle around
 the events. This allows users to assess the proximity of transportation options and potential
 inconveniences in the vicinity, with the value box displayed at the bottom.
 6. How’s Melbourne Transportation?
 This page provides information about transportation analysis, and it isn't directly related to events.
 Instead, it offers insights into the state of transportation in Melbourne CBD, fulfilling a responsibility of
 local governments to depict the city's conditions for their citizens. Users can interact with each section
 where the graph will change according to selection.

Special Features:
 1. Leaflet Map Layer: Having different layers of transportation and potential inconveniences are a nice touch
 to the map. It is both easy to use and powerful as it helps control the density of the map.
 2. Counting Data Point within Circle: The team thought that counting the transportation markers nearby
 would be nice information to present to the user; however, the dataset retrieved doesn’t have correlation or
 connections. We use the sf library in R to achieve this feature. We turn dataframe objects to sf objects,
 and use the st_within function to count the number of markers within 500 metre circle radius- or about 5
 minutes walk.
 3. Logical Story Line: The story we presented through Tableau Story is logical, and engages the user to
 explore more as the user goes on. It also accommodates different levels of users as well.
 a. Uncertain User: This type of user has no idea where to go, and happens to be by a kiosk.
 b. Certain User: This type of user has a certain place to go, and wants to explore the accommodation
 around the events.
 c. Typical User: Even if the user isn't particularly interested in events, they can still visit the last page
 to assess the transportation situation in Melbourne CBD. Portraying the city's conditions is a
 crucial responsibility of local governments toward their citizens.
 4. Actions on Dashboard: There are many selective actions in the dashboard; for example, clicking this text
 will filter only for 1 element, while the rest remain the same. This helps users to focus on 1 important
 element rather than seeing all the changes at the same time, which could be overwhelming.
 5. Using Dashboard Elements without RDashboard: Elements in R dashboard usually come with header and
 section, but using bslib library allows us to use it directly on the R shiny. It also improves the padding and
 font on the overall visualisation.
 6. Random Events: This section in the second tab allows users to randomly select the event to explore which
 is inspired from this tutorial. It uses HighCharter library, HTML, CSS, and javascript to make it work. Some
 additional customizations are added to make it the same style as the interface.

  Design Decision:
 1. Tableau with R Shiny Visualisation: We chose to use Tableau in combination with R Shiny visualisation
 because Tableau provides visually appealing and easily customizable elements, while R Shiny offers
 advanced elements like maps that can be customised in various ways.
 2. Colour: The colour and design are based on the City of Melbourne website, which would give a genuine
 connection to the organisation. Furthermore, the black background enhances the visualisations, making
 them visually striking and attention-grabbing in design. The colour of the tram and train data points was
 based on the logos of Yarra Trams and Metro Trains (green and blue respectively) to maintain familiarity.
 3. Map: Map is the main element of the tableau story because the aim of this interface is to help people get
 around the city on different events, and the best way to portray that method is by using map.
 4. Big Button: Considering the interface is designed for kiosk display, the button should not only be easily
 clickable but also easy to locate.
 
Summary:
 Interesting Pattern/ Information
 1. Train
 By using R mapvisualisation, tableau map, and heat map, we can explore the information about trains.
     -The train transportation is not packed within the city compared to tram.
     -Train is not a good way to travel around the city due to its small amount
     -Surprisingly, most of the train stations don't have lifts, and not many trains are in loop.
     -Most commontrains are not in loop and don’t have lift.
 2. Tram
 By using R map visualisation, and the measure tools along with the value box. These are the information
 gathered from such tools.--
     -The tram transportation is packed within the city
     -Tram is a good way to travel around the city due to its large amount
     -Most of the time, tram is close to each events in Melbourne CBD
 3. CarPark
 By using R mapvisualisation, pie chart, and heatmap, we can explore the information about car parks.
 The city has a lot of parking places and spaces. Almost every main street has car parks.
     -Car is a good way to travel around the city due to its large amount
     -Most of the car park is commercial, where Melbourne CBD has the most of it.
     -Parkville only has commercial car park, but North Melbourne only has residential car park. The rest are mixed.
 4. City Work
 By using R map visualisation, and the measure tools with the value box. There is the information observed
 from the visualisation.
     -The city has a lot of city work, mostly dense in the Melbourne CBD
     -Most of them are categorised as structures projects, indicating that Melbourne CBD is actively working to enhance the city.
     -The other city projects include traffic management and reserved parking, both of which are alsodense in Melbourne CBD. These indicate that the city is       bustling with activity and development.
     -Many events are centred around ongoing city projects; hence, it's advisable to be cautious when
      attending events in such areas.
 5.Events
 By using R map visualisation, the measure tools, and layer. These are the information gathered from using
 such tools.
     -Surprisingly, there are many free events despite the rising cost of living in Melbourne CBD, so people can still enjoy themselves without paying money
     -On the other hand, if a user chooses to attend priced events, they should be prepared for higher costs, with some reaching a maximum of $399.
     -Events are situated around the city


